[ESIMD][NFC][DOC] Add fence to the ESIMD SPEC functions (#13135)
intel/llvm: sycl/doc/extensions/supported/sycl_ext_intel_esimd/sycl_ext_intel_esimd_functions.md

  group = 0,
  /// Wait until all previous memory transactions from this thread are observed
  /// within the local sub-slice.
  local = 1,
  /// Wait until all previous memory transactions from this thread are observed
  /// in the local tile.
  tile = 2,
  /// Wait until all previous memory transactions from this thread are observed
  /// in the local GPU.
  gpu = 3,
  /// Wait until all previous memory transactions from this thread are observed
  /// across all GPUs in the system.
  gpus = 4,
  /// Global memory data-port only: wait until all previous memory transactions
  /// from this thread are observed at the "system" level.
  system = 5,
  /// Global memory data-port only: for GPUs that do not follow
  /// PCIe Write ordering for downstream writes targeting device memory,
  /// this op will commit to device memory all downstream and peer writes that
  /// have reached the device.
  system_acquire = 6
};

/*fence-2*/template <memory_kind Kind = memory_kind::global,
                     fence_flush_op FenceOp = fence_flush_op::none,
                     fence_scope Scope = fence_scope::group> void fence();
} // end namespace sycl::ext::intel::esimd
```
### Description

> `(fence-1)`: Sets the memory read/write order. This function has pretty limited functionality comparing to `(fence-2)`. It accepts 8-bit `ctrl_mask` containing one or more `fence_mask` enum values in it. It can be used for any Intel GPU.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`(fence-1)`: Sets the memory read/write order. This function has pretty limited functionality compared to `(fence-2)`. It accepts an 8-bit `ctrl_mask` containing one or more `fence_mask` enum values in it. It can be used for any Intel GPU.
```
